#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
alembic==1.13.3
    # via flask-migrate
astroid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fiona
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   flask
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fiona
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-adc-theme
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
fiona==1.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
geopandas==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
mako==1.3.6
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
parsimonious==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
pylint==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsimonious
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-oauthlib==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fiona
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-adc-theme==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
